>> Bianca Gandolfo: Knowing what
we know about binary search trees,
take just two minutes.
We don't need a break for
this or anything.
Just take two minutes to figure out
which node goes where in this blank.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Take two minutes to
think about it and then we'll reconvene.
All right, so,
anyone know what this node is?
Five.
Okay, how do we know that it's five?
>> Speaker 2: Started from
the bottom left 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That's how you did it.
So you just started like, like the
furthest left is going to be the minimum.
Awesome.
Anyone else figure that out in
different way?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No?
>> Speaker 3: Just on the mid point based
on the weighted sides.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so you're like
there's 4 less and there's 3 greater, so
it has to be 5.
Cuz here is 3 greater,
here's 5, here's 4 less, yeah.
That tends to be how I think about it.
Cool, so five here, and then here.
>> Speaker 3: 4.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: 4.
>> Speaker 2: 2.
>> Speaker 2: 1.
>> Speaker 2: 3.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Great,
I don't know why that one's not working.
>> Speaker 2: 7.
>> Speaker 2: 6.
>> Speaker 2: 8.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, awesome.